================================================================================
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) - 10-K Annual Report FY2025
Source: SEC EDGAR
================================================================================

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorganChase” or the “Firm”, NYSE: JPM), a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968, is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.4 trillion in assets and $362.4 billion in stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2025. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers, predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally.

JPMorganChase’s principal bank subsidiary is JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (“JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.”), a national banking association with U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington, D.C. JPMorganChase’s principal non-bank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P. Morgan Securities”), a U.S. broker-dealer. The bank and non-bank subsidiaries of JPMorganChase operate nationally as well as through overseas branches and subsidiaries, representative offices and subsidiary foreign banks. The Firm’s principal operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. are J.P. Morgan Securities plc and J.P. Morgan SE (“JPMSE”), which are subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and are based in the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) and Germany, respectively.

The Firm’s website is www.jpmorganchase.com. JPMorganChase makes available on its website, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. JPMorganChase makes new and important information about the Firm available on its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com, including on the Investor Relations section of its website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/ir. Information on the Firm's website, including documents on the website that are referenced in this Form 10-K, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (“2025 Form 10-K” or “Form 10-K”) or the Firm’s other filings with the SEC.

For management reporting purposes, the Firm has three reportable business segments

Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”), Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”) and Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”)

with the remaining activities in Corporate. The Firm’s consumer business segment is CCB, and the Firm’s wholesale business segments are CIB and AWM.

A description of the Firm’s reportable business segments and the products and services that they provide to their respective client bases, as well as a description of Corporate activities, is provided in the Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section of this Form 10-K (“Management’s discussion and analysis” or “MD&A”) under the heading “Business Segment & Corporate Results,” which begins on page 46, and in Note 32.

JPMorganChase and its subsidiaries and affiliates operate in highly competitive environments. Competitors include other banks, brokerage firms, investment banking companies, merchant banks, hedge funds, commodity trading companies, private equity firms, insurance companies, mutual fund companies, investment managers, credit card companies, mortgage banking companies, trust companies, securities processing companies, automobile financing companies, leasing companies, e-commerce and other internet-based companies, digital asset and other financial technology companies, and other companies engaged in providing similar and new products and services. The Firm’s businesses generally compete on the basis of the quality and variety of the Firm’s products and services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. Competition also varies based on the types of clients, customers, industries and geographies served. With respect to some of its geographies and products, JPMorganChase competes globally; with respect to others, the Firm competes on a national or regional basis. New competitors in the financial services industry continue to emerge, including firms that offer products and services solely through the internet and non-financial companies that offer products and services that disintermediate traditional banking products and services offered by financial services firms such as JPMorganChase.

The Firm is subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under U.S. federal and state laws, as well as the applicable laws of the jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which the Firm does business. From time to time, trade organizations representing the financial services industry and others have filed or may file lawsuits challenging various laws, rules and regulations. Such regulatory challenges may affect the scope, requirements or effective dates of the regulations applicable to the Firm.

. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a bank holding company (“BHC”) and a financial holding company (“FHC”) under U.S. federal law, and is subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”). The Federal Reserve acts as the supervisor of the consolidated operations of BHCs. Certain of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries are also regulated directly by additional authorities based on the activities or licenses of those subsidiaries.

JPMorganChase’s national bank subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., is supervised and regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) and, with respect to certain matters, by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”).

JPMorganChase’s U.S. broker-dealers are supervised and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”). Subsidiaries of the Firm that engage in certain futures-related and swaps-related activities are supervised and regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”). J.P. Morgan Securities plc holds a banking license in the U.K. and is regulated by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”).

JPMSE is a Germany-based credit institution jointly regulated by the European Central Bank (“ECB”), the German Financial Supervisory Authority and the German Central Bank, as well as the local regulators in each of the countries in which it operates. The Firm’s other non-U.S. subsidiaries are regulated by the banking, securities, prudential, payments and conduct regulatory authorities, as applicable, in the countries in which they operate.

. The Bank Holding Company Act restricts BHCs from engaging in business activities other than the business of banking and certain closely-related activities. FHCs are permitted to engage in a broader range of financial activities. The Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility

requirements. The Federal Reserve may also impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements on the FHC, and if deficiencies are persistent, may require divestiture of the FHC’s depository institutions. If any depository institution controlled by an FHC fails to maintain a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act, the Federal Reserve must prohibit the FHC and its subsidiaries from engaging in any new activities other than those permissible for BHCs, or acquiring a company engaged in such activities.

. The Federal Reserve establishes capital, liquidity and leverage requirements for JPMorganChase that are generally consistent with the international Basel III capital and liquidity framework and evaluates the Firm’s compliance with those requirements. The OCC establishes similar requirements for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Certain of the Firm’s non-U.S. subsidiaries and branches are also subject to local capital and liquidity requirements.

Banking supervisors globally continue to refine and enhance the Basel III capital framework for financial institutions. In July 2023, U.S. banking regulators released a proposal to amend the U.S. risk-based capital framework to incorporate certain elements of the revised international Basel III capital framework. That proposal, which has not been finalized, would have significantly revised risk-based capital requirements for banks with assets of $100 billion or more, including the Firm and other U.S. global systemically important banks ("GSIBs"). In September 2025, the Federal Reserve’s Vice Chair for Supervision indicated that U.S. banking regulators may issue an updated proposal to amend the U.S. risk-based capital framework in early 2026, replacing the July 2023 proposal. The timing and content of that revised proposal, including any required implementation date, are uncertain. The Firm continues to monitor developments and potential impacts.

In the EU and U.K., regulators have finalized the rules implementing their Basel III frameworks. The new rules became effective in the EU beginning January 1, 2025, with market risk aspects expected to be delayed until January 1, 2027. In January 2025, the PRA announced that it intends to delay the implementation of the new rules in the U.K. to January 1, 2027. There are certain transitional arrangements applicable in both the EU and U.K. until 2032 and 2030, respectively.

. As a large BHC, JPMorganChase is subject to supervisory stress testing administered by the Federal Reserve as part of the Federal Reserve’s annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) framework. The Firm must conduct annual company-run stress tests and must also submit an annual capital plan to the Federal Reserve, taking into account the results of separate stress tests designed by each of the Firm and the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve uses the results under the severely adverse scenario from its supervisory stress test to determine the Firm’s

Stress Capital Buffer (“SCB”) requirement for the coming year, which forms part of the Firm’s applicable capital buffers. The Firm is required to file its annual CCAR submission on April 6, 2026. The capital plan rules indicate that, unless otherwise determined by the Federal Reserve, the Federal Reserve will notify the Firm of its indicative SCB requirement by June 30, 2026 and final SCB requirement by August 31, 2026 and the Firm’s final SCB requirement will become effective on October 1, 2026. The OCC requires JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to perform separate, similar stress tests annually. Each year, the Firm publishes the results of the annual stress tests for the Firm and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. under the supervisory severely adverse scenarios provided by the Federal Reserve and the OCC.

In October 2025, the Federal Reserve issued two proposals to revise its supervisory stress testing framework. The proposals would require the Federal Reserve to publish for public comment comprehensive documentation concerning the supervisory stress test models and annual stress test scenarios, including the models and scenarios for the 2026 stress test. The proposals also introduce an enhanced disclosure process, under which material changes to stress test models and scenarios would be subject to public comment prior to implementation. Based on the Federal Reserve’s analysis, the proposed changes to the stress test models and scenarios are not expected to materially change the SCB for firms, including JPMorganChase, that are subject to the supervisory stress test. In February 2026, the Federal Reserve released the final 2026 supervisory stress test scenarios, while announcing that SCB requirements for large banks, including the Firm, will remain at current levels through September 30, 2027 with new requirements to be calculated in 2027 based on revised models that incorporate public feedback.

In addition, in April 2025, the Federal Reserve proposed a rule that aims to reduce the volatility in capital requirements resulting from stress testing and the SCB requirement by averaging the SCB requirement over a two-year period and extending the annual effective date of the SCB by one quarter. These proposed updates to the stress testing framework and the SCB requirement, which are subject to public comment, have not been finalized. A pending legal challenge to the manner in which stress testing is currently administered has been stayed.

Refer to Capital Risk Management on pages 89–99 and Liquidity Risk Management on pages 100–107 for more information.

. As part of its mandate to identify and monitor risks to the financial stability of the U.S. posed by large banking organizations, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”) recommends prudential standards and reporting requirements to the Federal Reserve for systemically

important financial institutions (“SIFIs”), such as JPMorganChase. The Federal Reserve has adopted several rules to implement those heightened prudential standards, including rules relating to risk management and corporate governance of subject BHCs. JPMorganChase is required under these rules to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, including oversight by the board of directors of risk management activities.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. is required to serve as a source of financial strength for its depository institution subsidiaries and to commit resources to support those subsidiaries, including when directed to do so by the Federal Reserve.

. Acquisitions by BHCs and their banks are subject to requirements, limitations and prohibitions established by law and by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. For example, FHCs and BHCs are required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before they acquire more than 5% of the voting shares of an unaffiliated bank. In addition, acquisitions by financial companies are generally prohibited if, as a result of the acquisition, the total liabilities of the financial company would exceed 10% of the total liabilities of all financial companies, as determined under Federal Reserve regulations. Furthermore, for certain acquisitions, the Firm must provide written notice to the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any company with over $10 billion in assets that is engaged in activities that are “financial in nature.” Moreover, while FHCs may engage in a broader range of activities (including acquisitions) than BHCs, the Federal Reserve has the authority to limit an FHC’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible acquisitions if the FHC or any of its depository institution subsidiaries ceases to meet applicable eligibility requirements.

. The Firm remains subject to a consent order entered into in March 2024 with the OCC which relates to the Firm’s processes to inventory trading venues and confirm the completeness of certain data fed to trade surveillance platforms.

The activities of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the Firm’s principal subsidiary bank, are limited to those specifically authorized under the National Bank Act and related interpretations of the OCC. The OCC has authority to bring an enforcement action against JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for unsafe or unsound banking practices, which could include limiting JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s ability to conduct otherwise permissible activities, or imposing corrective capital or managerial requirements on the bank.

The FDIC deposit insurance fund provides insurance coverage for certain deposits and is funded through assessments on banks,

including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. The FDIC is required to maintain a minimum reserve ratio, which measures the balance of reserves in the deposit insurance fund against an estimate of FDIC-insured deposits, of 1.35%. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to raise bank assessments and accelerate the time by which the reserve ratio would meet the statutory minimum. In the final rule, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan to bring the reserve ratio up to the required 1.35% by September 30, 2028, with a longer-term target of maintaining a reserve ratio of 2%. As of June 30, 2025, the reserve ratio exceeded the statutory minimum and, as of the third quarter of 2025, the FDIC was no longer operating under a restoration plan. On November 28, 2025, the FDIC announced that the designated reserve ratio, the FDIC’s longer-term goal for the deposit insurance fund, would remain unchanged at 2% for 2026.

Upon any insolvency of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the FDIC could be appointed as conservator or receiver under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The FDIC has broad powers to transfer assets and liabilities without the approval of the institution’s creditors.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 requires the relevant federal banking regulator to take “prompt corrective action” with respect to a depository institution if that institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards. The Federal Reserve is also authorized to take appropriate action against the parent BHC, such as JPMorgan Chase & Co., based on the undercapitalized status of any bank subsidiary. In certain instances, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the capital restoration plan for its undercapitalized subsidiary.

In the U.S., the OCC has established guidelines setting forth heightened standards for large banks, including minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework for banks. Under these standards, a bank’s risk governance framework must ensure that the bank’s risk profile is easily distinguished and separate from that of its parent BHC for risk management purposes. The bank’s board or risk committee is responsible for approving the bank’s risk governance framework, providing active oversight of the bank’s risk-taking activities, and holding management accountable for adhering to the risk governance framework. In December 2025, the OCC issued a proposed rulemaking to amend its heightened standards guidelines, which would continue to apply to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., by raising the asset threshold at which the guidelines apply to covered banks. In the proposed rulemaking, the OCC also invited comments on a number of questions, including whether the heightened standards guidelines should

be rescinded. The proposed rulemaking has not yet been finalized.

The Firm’s banking entities in the EU and the U.K. are subject to supervisory expectations published by the ECB and the PRA, respectively, addressing bank strategy, governance and risk management in the areas of climate change, operational resilience, reliance on IT systems and third-party services, and resilience from macro-financial and geopolitical shocks.

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions imposed by federal law on extensions of credit to, investments in stock or securities of, and derivatives, securities lending and certain other transactions with, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain other affiliates. These restrictions prevent JPMorgan Chase & Co. and other affiliates from borrowing from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries unless the loans are secured in specified amounts and comply with certain other requirements.

Federal law imposes limitations on the payment of dividends by national banks, such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Refer to Note 26 for the amount of dividends that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. could pay, at January 1, 2026, to JPMorganChase without the approval of the banking regulators. The OCC and the Federal Reserve also have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends of a bank subsidiary that they supervise if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the bank.

Under federal law, the claims of a receiver of an insured depositary institution (“IDI”) for administrative expense and the claims of holders of U.S. deposit liabilities (including the FDIC and deposits in non-U.S. branches that are dually payable in the U.S. and in a non-U.S. branch) have priority over the claims of other unsecured creditors of the institution, including depositors in non-U.S. branches and public noteholders.

JPMorganChase and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. are subject to supervision and regulation in the U.S. by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. The CFPB also has jurisdiction over small business lending activities with respect to fair lending and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB has authority to take enforcement actions against firms that offer certain products and services to consumers using practices that are deemed to be unfair, deceptive or abusive. In October 2024, the CFPB issued a final rule

that would have required data providers, including banks such as JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., to make certain consumer data available to consumers and authorized third parties in electronic form. The final rule is currently subject to a preliminary injunction, and the CFPB has indicated that it intends to propose a new rule in the first quarter of 2026. The content of any new proposal, and the potential impact on the Firm, are uncertain.

In October 2023, the Federal Reserve proposed to lower the maximum interchange fee that large debit card issuers, including the Firm, would be permitted to receive for a debit card tran

saction. The proposal would also establish a process for automatically publishing an updated maximum fee amount every other year going forward. The current debit interchange fee cap is subject to ongoing litigation, and the impact of that litigation on the Federal Reserve’s proposal is uncertain. The Firm’s consumer activities are also subject to regulation under state statutes which are enforced by the Attorney General or empowered agency of each state. Certain states have introduced legislation related to interchange fees, which would impact the fees that financial institutions, including the Firm, would be permitted to receive for certain transactions within a state. Where interchange fee regulation has been passed at the state level, it is subject to ongoing legal challenge.

In the U.K., the Firm operates a retail bank through J.P. Morgan Europe Limited (“JPMEL”) and provides retail investment management services through J.P. Morgan Personal Investing Limited (“JPM PI”). JPMEL is regulated by the PRA, and both JPMEL and JPM PI are regulated by the FCA with respect to their conduct of financial services in the U.K., including obligations relating to the fair treatment of customers. JPMEL is also regulated by the U.K. Payment Systems Regulator (“PSR”) with respect to its operation and use of payment systems. In March 2025, the U.K. government announced that the functions of the PSR will be consolidated into the FCA. In addition, the retail businesses of JPMEL and JPM PI are subject to U.K. consumer-protection legislation.

The Firm conducts securities underwriting, dealing and brokerage activities in the U.S. through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and other non-bank broker-dealer subsidiaries, all of which are subject to regulations of the SEC, FINRA and the New York Stock Exchange, among others. The Firm conducts similar securities activities outside the U.S. subject to local regulatory requirements. In the U.K., those activities are primarily conducted by J.P. Morgan Securities plc and in the EU, those activities are primarily conducted by JPMSE. Broker-dealers are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings, publication of research reports, use of

customer funds, the financing of client purchases, capital structure, record-keeping and retention, and the conduct of their directors, officers and employees. Refer to Broker-dealer regulatory capital on page 99 for information concerning the capital of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and JPMSE. In addition, the Firm's sales and trading activities, which are conducted through both bank and non-bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws and regulations relating to market conduct, including prohibitions on manipulative or anti-competitive practices.

The Firm’s asset and wealth management businesses are subject to significant regulation in jurisdictions around the world relating to, among other things, the safeguarding and management of client assets, offerings of funds and marketing activities. Certain of the Firm’s subsidiaries are registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as investment advisers and broker-dealers. The Firm’s registered investment advisers in the U.S. are subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and applicable state and federal law. The Firm’s bank fiduciary activities are subject to supervision by the OCC.

The Firm’s asset and wealth management businesses are subject to ongoing rule-making and implementation of new regulations and other guidance, including by the SEC and certain U.S. states regarding enhanced standards of conduct and conflicts of interest. In April 2024, the Department of Labor (“DOL”) finalized a “fiduciary” rule that would significantly expand who is deemed to be an investment advice fiduciary for retirement plans and individual retirement accounts under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1947 and could affect fee and compensation practices at financial institutions that provide investment recommendations to retirement clients. The effective date of the rule has been stayed by two federal courts. The DOL has indicated that it intends to revise the rule, and the potential impact of the rule on the Firm is therefore uncertain.

The Firm is subject to comprehensive regulation of its derivatives businesses. In the U.S., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities plc are registered with the CFTC as “swap dealers.” In addition, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are registered with the SEC as “security-based swap dealers.” As a result, these entities are subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to their swap or security-based swap activities, including capital requirements, rules requiring the collateralization of uncleared swaps and security-based swaps, rules regarding segregation of counterparty collateral, business conduct and documentation standards, rules requiring the central

clearing of standardized over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives, requirements that certain standardized OTC swaps be traded on regulated trading venues, record-keeping and reporting obligations, and anti-fraud and anti-manipulation requirements. Similar requirements have also been established in the European Union (“EU”) under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”) and the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID II”), as well as in the U.K. and other jurisdictions around the world.

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is also registered with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant.

The Firm and its subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations globally concerning data, including data protection, consumer protection, privacy, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and related matters. These laws, rules and regulations are constantly evolving, subject to interpretation, remain a focus of regulators globally, may be enforced by private parties or government bodies, and continue to have a significant impact on all of the Firm’s businesses and operations.

The Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) requires all financial institutions, including banks and securities broker-dealers, to establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The BSA includes a variety of record-keeping and reporting requirements, as well as due diligence/know-your-customer documentation requirements. Similar requirements exist in other jurisdictions in which the Firm operates. The Firm is also subject to the regulations and economic sanctions programs administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and EU and U.K. authorities which target entities or individuals that are, or are located in countries that are, involved in activities including terrorism, hostilities, embezzlement or human rights violations. The Firm is also subject to economic sanctions laws, rules and regulations in other jurisdictions in which it operates, including those that conflict with or prohibit a firm such as JPMorganChase from complying with certain laws, rules and regulations to which it is otherwise subject.

The Firm is subject to laws and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act.

The Firm’s compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve, as well as other

agencies. The Federal Reserve has jointly issued guidance with the FDIC and the OCC that is designed to ensure that incentive compensation paid by banking organizations does not encourage imprudent risk-taking that threatens the organizations’ safety and soundness. The Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) has also established standards covering compensation principles for banks. The Firm’s compensation practices are also subject to regulation and oversight by regulators in other jurisdictions, notably the Fifth Capital Requirements Directive (“CRD V”), as implemented in the EU, which includes compensation-related provisions. The European Banking Authority has instituted guidelines on compensation policies including under CRD V which in certain countries (such as Germany) are implemented or supplemented by local regulations or guidelines. The U.K. regulators have also instituted regulations and guidelines on compensation policies, which diverge in certain areas from EU rules. The Firm expects that the implementation of regulatory guidelines regarding compensation in the U.S. and other countries will continue to evolve, and may affect the manner in which the Firm structures its compensation programs and practices.

Policymakers in the U.K. and the EU continue to implement and refine sustainability-related initiatives and disclosure requirements. The Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”) replaced and significantly expanded the scope and content of certain EU ESG reporting requirements, with phased-in requirements that started in fiscal year 2024. The implementation of CSRD into local law has been delayed in a number of member states, including in Germany, and the Firm continues to monitor developments and potential impacts. In addition, in July 2024, the EU enacted the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (“CSDDD”), which provides for phased-in requirements starting in 2029. The CSDDD sets mandatory due diligence obligations for companies to address actual and potential human rights violations and environmental adverse impacts stemming from their own operations and business relationships, including the activities of certain companies with which they have established business relationships. Both the CSRD and CSDDD will impact certain of the Firm’s EU and non-EU entities.

JPMorganChase believes that its long-term growth and success depend on its ability to identify, attract, develop, retain and engage talented employees and foster an inclusive work environment. The information provided below relates to JPMorganChase’s full-time and part-time employees and does not include the Firm’s contractors.

As of December 31, 2025, JPMorganChase had 318,512 employees globally. JPMorganChase’s employees are located in 66 countries, with 58% of the Firm’s employees located in the U.S. The following table presents the distribution of the Firm’s global workforce by region and by line of business (“LOB”) and Corporate as of December 31, 2025:

The following table presents information based on voluntary self-identifications by the Firm’s employees, including members of the Firm’s Operating Committee and other senior level employees, as well as members of the Board of Directors, as of December 31, 2025. Information on race/ethnicity of employees is categorized based on Equal Employment Opportunity classifications and is presented for U.S. employees who self-identified, and information on gender is presented for global employees who self-identified. Information on race/ethnicity and gender for members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors reflects all such members. Information on LGBTQ+ and veteran statuses is based on all U.S. employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. Information on disability status is based on all U.S. employees and all members of the Operating Committee.

Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identified race/ethnicity, which was 97% and 95% of the Firm’s total U.S.-based employees and U.S.-based senior level employees, respectively, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors.

Other includes American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and Two or More Races.

Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identified gender, which was 99% of each of the Firm’s total global employees and senior level employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors.

Presented as a percentage of total U.S.-based employees, total U.S.-based senior level employees, all members of the Operating Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively.

Senior level employees represents employees with the titles of Managing Director and above.

Excludes Todd A. Combs, who resigned from the Firm’s Board of Directors, effective December 7, 2025. Refer to Recent Events on page 50 for additional information.

The Firm has not asked members of the Board of Directors to self-identify disability status.

The goal of JPMorganChase’s recruitment efforts, which leverage a variety of channels to source from a broad pool of candidates, is to attract and hire highly qualified talent in all roles and at all career levels. The Firm’s hiring practices focus on the skills and qualifications of a candidate relative to the job requirements.

The Firm strives to provide both external candidates and internal employees who are seeking a different role with rewarding career opportunities. These opportunities range from internship training programs for students to entry-level, management and executive careers.

JPMorganChase supports the professional development and career growth of its employees. The Firm offers voluntary training programs and educational resources to all employees covering a broad variety of topics such as leadership and management, artificial intelligence, data literacy and operational and professional skills. Leadership Edge, the Firm’s global leadership and management development center of excellence, is focused on creating one Firmwide leadership culture. In addition, the Firm requires that its employees, including new hires, complete a training curriculum that covers, among other topics, information concerning Firm policies and standards.

The Firm provides market-competitive compensation and benefits programs. JPMorganChase’s compensation philosophy includes guiding principles that drive compensation-related decisions across the Firm, including pay-for-performance practices that are designed to attract and retain top talent, to be responsive to and aligned with shareholder interests, and to reinforce the Firm’s culture and Business Principles that guide how the Firm does business. The Firm follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework, including the integration of risk, controls and conduct considerations. The Firm’s compensation approach is designed to pay the Firm’s employees fairly and competitively for the work they do.

JPMorganChase offers extensive benefits and wellness packages to support employees and their families, which vary depending on location and include healthcare coverage, retirement benefits, life and disability insurance, access to on-site health and wellness centers, counseling and resources related to mental health, time away policies, child care access and support, tuition assistance, and financial education.

The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect JPMorganChase’s financial condition and operations. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Firm. Any of the risk factors discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business, results of operations, financial condition, capital position, liquidity, competitive position or reputation, including by materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings.

risks, including the impact of extensive supervision and regulation, as well as changes to or in the application, interpretation or enforcement of applicable law or executive branch actions, on JPMorganChase’s business and operations; the ways in which differences in regulatory implementation in different jurisdictions or with respect to certain competitors could negatively impact JPMorganChase’s business; the ways in which governmental policies that discourage or penalize business relationships with certain industries, or require specific business practices, could negatively affect JPMorganChase's businesses; the penalties and other repercussions that JPMorganChase could face when resolving litigation or investigations by governmental authorities; the ways in which less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks in certain jurisdictions could negatively impact JPMorganChase’s operations and financial results; and the losses that security holders and other unsecured creditors will absorb if JPMorganChase were to enter into a resolution.

risks, including the potential negative effects on JPMorganChase’s businesses due to economic uncertainty resulting from political developments.

risks, including the effects that unfavorable economic and market events and conditions, political developments, changes in interest rates and credit spreads, and market fluctuations could have on JPMorganChase’s businesses, investments and market-making positions, as well as on its earnings and liquidity and capital levels.

risks, including the effects from adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, customers, counterparties, central counterparties and other market participants; the potential for losses due to declines in the value of collateral; and potential negative impacts from concentrations of

credit risk with respect to clients, customers, counterparties and other market participants.

risks, including the risk that JPMorganChase’s ability to operate could be impaired by constrained liquidity; the dependence of JPMorgan Chase & Co. on its subsidiaries for funding; and the potential adverse effects that any downgrades of JPMorganChase’s credit ratings could have on its liquidity and cost of funding.

risks, including the risk that JPMorganChase’s ability to distribute capital to shareholders or to support its business activities could be limited if it does not satisfy applicable regulatory capital requirements.

risks, including risks associated with JPMorganChase’s dependence on its operational systems and its employees, as well as the systems and employees of acquired businesses and external parties; the harm that could be caused by a successful cyber attack affecting JPMorganChase or by other extraordinary events; the adverse effects of failing to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms or technologies, as well as risks related to data management processes; risks related to safeguarding personal information; potential adverse effects of failing to comply with applicable standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers; and risks associated with JPMorganChase’s risk management framework and control environment, its models and estimations and associated judgments used in its stress testing and financial statements, and controls over disclosure and financial reporting.

risks, including the damage to JPMorganChase’s competitive standing that could result from ineffective business strategies; risks associated with the significant competition that JPMorganChase faces; and the potential adverse impacts of climate change on JPMorganChase’s business and operations and those of its clients and customers.

risks, including the negative impact that could result from misconduct of JPMorganChase’s employees.

risks, including the potential negative commercial impacts that can arise from JPMorganChase’s decisions related to clients and business activities; and the failure to effectively manage conflicts of interest or to satisfy fiduciary obligations, or other factors that could damage JPMorganChase’s reputation.

risks, including potential impacts on JPMorganChase’s businesses from an outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region; and the potential adverse effects

of local economic, political, regulatory and social factors on JPMorganChase’s business in certain countries in which it operates.

risks, including the criticality of attracting and retaining qualified employees.

The above summary is subject in its entirety to the discussion of the risk factors set forth below.

The following terms which are used in the risk factors set forth below have these meanings:

“applicable law” means the laws, rules and regulations that apply to JPMorganChase’s businesses in the jurisdictions in which it operates.

“extraordinary events” include any of the events or circumstances mentioned in the risk factor entitled “JPMorganChase’s operations, results and reputation could be harmed by occurrences of extraordinary events beyond its control.”

“governmental authorities” means governmental and regulatory agencies, legislative and judicial bodies and other governmental entities and authorities in the countries, states, municipalities, territories, regions and other jurisdictions in which JPMorganChase does business.

“penalties” means fines, penalties or other sanctions imposed by governmental authorities.

JPMorganChase’s businesses are highly regulated and are significantly affected by applicable law and supervisory expectations.

JPMorganChase must comply with applicable law in all of the jurisdictions around the world where it does business. Like other financial services firms, JPMorganChase is subject to extensive supervision and regulation that significantly affects the way that it conducts its business and structures its operations. The supervisory and regulatory framework also imposes requirements for JPMorganChase to implement and maintain compliance programs, and the complexity of these programs can increase its risks of non-compliance. In addition, entering into or acquiring a new business or expanding current business could increase the scope of applicable law or supervision and regulation to which JPMorganChase is subject.

JPMorganChase has in the past and could in the future be required to modify its business and operations in response to changes in applicable law, regulatory decisions or supervisory expectations, such as:

limiting the products and services that it offers

increasing the prices that it charges for products and services, which could reduce the demand for them

reducing the liquidity that it provides through market-making activities

absorbing losses arising from fraudulent transactions perpetrated against its clients and customers

disposing of certain assets, and doing so at disadvantageous times or prices

forgoing business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue, or

These types of changes could increase JPMorganChase’s costs or reduce its revenues. In addition, any failure by JPMorganChase to comply with applicable law or meet supervisory expectations could result in:

Furthermore, regulators or governmental authorities could adopt new interpretations of applicable law or supervisory expectations, and in certain circumstances, JPMorganChase could be required to demonstrate that prior conduct complies with these new interpretations. This situation could increase the risks associated with non-compliance and result in the imposition of penalties or enforcement actions. In addition, the business or operations of financial services firms such as JPMorganChase may be negatively affected by executive orders or other executive branch actions that seek to regulate those businesses or operations.

Differences in the supervision and regulation of financial services firms could require JPMorganChase to modify its operations and incur higher operational and compliance costs.

Various factors could influence the scope of applicable law and supervision for a firm that provides financial services, such as the size of the firm, the businesses in which it engages and its jurisdiction of organization. For example:

larger firms such as JPMorganChase often face more stringent supervision and regulation

certain competitors, such as financial technology companies, may not be subject to banking regulation, or may be subject to less stringent oversight, or

the regulatory and supervisory framework in a particular jurisdiction may favor locally-based firms.

A highly-regulated financial services firm such as JPMorganChase can be vulnerable to competition from firms that are less regulated or unregulated. In addition, differences in regulatory implementation between the U.S. and other countries could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s businesses. For example, a national financial services regulator may impose requirements

that are stricter than a global standard, which could create competitive disadvantages for those firms, such as JPMorganChase, that are subject to the enhanced regulations. Furthermore, certain authorities outside the U.S. have adopted applicable law that could conflict with or prohibit JPMorganChase from complying with applicable law in other jurisdictions, which could create conflict of law issues and could increase risks associated with non-compliance.

Regulatory initiatives outside the U.S. have required and could in the future require JPMorganChase to significantly modify its operations or legal entity structure in the places in which those initiatives are implemented, such as requirements for:

establishing locally-based intermediate holding companies or operating subsidiaries

maintaining minimum amounts of capital or liquidity in locally-based subsidiaries

implementing processes within locally-based subsidiaries for complying with applicable law

separating (or “ring fencing”) core banking products and services from markets activities

executing or settling transactions on exchanges or through central counterparties (“CCPs”), or depositing funds with other financial institutions or clearing and settlement systems, and

governance, control, conduct of business and compensation standards.

Differences, inconsistencies and conflicts in applicable law related to financial services have required and could in the future require JPMorganChase to:

incur higher operational, compliance, capital and liquidity costs

limit the products and services that it offers, or change the prices that it charges for those products and services, or

forgo business opportunities, including acquisitions or principal investments, that it otherwise would have pursued.

JPMorganChase faces significant legal risks from civil and governmental proceedings, including litigation, investigations and enforcement actions.

JPMorganChase is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in many civil and governmental legal proceedings, including class actions, derivative actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties, as well as investigations and enforcement actions by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental authorities, including criminal proceedings. Actions currently

pending against JPMorganChase could result in judgments, settlements or penalties adverse to JPMorganChase, and any such resolution of legal proceedings could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm. In addition, the extent of JPMorganChase’s exposure to legal matters is unpredictable and could, in some cases, exceed the amount of reserves that JPMorganChase has established for those matters.

Resolving an investigation by a governmental authority could subject JPMorganChase to significant penalties and other repercussions.

Governmental authorities conduct both routine and targeted examinations of JPMorganChase and its subsidiaries, and JPMorganChase’s businesses and operations are subject to heightened regulatory oversight. This scrutiny, or the results of such an examination, could lead to legal proceedings, including investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of applicable law could give rise to numerous and overlapping proceedings, including by multiple governmental authorities in the U.S. as well as non-U.S. authorities. In addition, if another financial institution violates applicable law relating to a particular business activity or practice, this will often give rise to legal proceedings related to the same or similar activity or practice by JPMorganChase.

JPMorganChase has in the past incurred significant penalties and experienced collateral consequences and other repercussions in connection with resolving investigations and enforcement actions by governmental authorities, and it could face similar investigations, actions and resolutions in the future. JPMorganChase typically incurs higher operational and compliance costs when addressing the requirements of such resolutions, including devoting substantial resources to remediation.

In connection with resolving specific investigations or enforcement actions, certain governmental authorities have required JPMorganChase and other financial institutions to admit wrongdoing with respect to the activities that gave rise to the resolution. These types of admissions could lead to negative consequences such as:

disqualification from doing business with certain clients or customers, or in specific jurisdictions

Furthermore, government officials globally have increasingly brought criminal actions against financial institutions and required those institutions to plead guilty to criminal offenses in connection with resolving investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. These resolutions could have significant

collateral consequences for the subject financial institution, including:

restrictions on offering certain products or services, and

loss of permission to operate certain businesses, either temporarily or permanently.

JPMorganChase expects that the following trends will continue:

it will be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and pervasive investigations and enforcement actions by governmental authorities, as well as criticism or litigation from clients or customers who claim that they have been harmed by actions taken by JPMorganChase in order to comply with applicable law

governmental authorities will forgo opportunities to resolve investigations with informal supervisory actions, and will pursue formal and punitive enforcement actions with respect to actual or deemed violations of law

resolutions of investigations and enforcement actions will result in the imposition of significant penalties, and

governmental authorities will be more likely to bring formal enforcement actions against JPMorganChase if it has previously been subject to other investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities.

When resolving an investigation or enforcement action by a governmental authority, the subject financial institution typically must satisfy new or enhanced regulatory requirements or restrictions. If JPMorganChase fails to meet the requirements of any such resolution, or to maintain risk and control processes that meet the heightened expectations of its regulators, it could be required to, among other things:

accept material restrictions on, or changes in the management of, its businesses.

In these circumstances, JPMorganChase could also become subject to prosecution or civil litigation with respect to the matters that gave rise to an investigation or enforcement action. In addition, JPMorganChase could incur higher costs when resolving investigations and enforcement actions involving newly-acquired businesses, companies in which JPMorganChase has made principal investments, parties to joint ventures with JPMorganChase, and vendors with which JPMorganChase does business.

As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that JPMorganChase will continue to experience a high level of litigation and investigations by

governmental authorities related to its businesses and operations. In addition, JPMorganChase could become subject to a significant investigation by governmental authorities and be unable to disclose specific information concerning that investigation to the public if such a disclosure would violate JPMorganChase’s obligations under applicable law to maintain confidentiality, even if the resolution of that investigation could have a material adverse effect on JPMorganChase’s business, operations, results or financial condition.

JPMorganChase’s compliance risk and operating costs could be higher in jurisdictions with less predictable legal, regulatory and judicial frameworks.

JPMorganChase conducts business in certain jurisdictions in which the application of the rule of law is inconsistent, extralegal or less predictable, including with respect to:

the absence of a statutory, regulatory or interpretative basis for engaging in specific types of business or transactions

applicable law or judicial orders that are ambiguous, conflicting, or inconsistently applied or interpreted

actions by or at the direction of governmental authorities or officials

uncertainty concerning the enforceability of intellectual property rights or contractual or other obligations

challenges associated with competing in economies in which the government controls or protects all or a portion of the local economy or specific businesses, or where graft or corruption may be pervasive

the threat of investigations by governmental authorities, civil litigations or criminal prosecutions that are arbitrary or otherwise contrary to established legal principles in other parts of the world, and

the termination of licenses or other permissions required to operate in the relevant jurisdiction, or the suspension of business relationships with governmental entities, leading to lost revenue.

If the legal, regulatory or judicial framework in a particular jurisdiction is susceptible to producing outcomes that are inconsistent, unexpected or contrary to established legal principles, this could create a more difficult business environment for JPMorganChase and could negatively affect its operations and reduce its earnings with respect to that jurisdiction. In addition, conducting business in a jurisdiction with a less predictable legal, regulatory or judicial framework could require JPMorganChase to devote significant additional resources to understanding, and operating its businesses in compliance with, applicable law and judicial precedents in that jurisdiction, and there can be no assurance that JPMorganChase will always be successful in doing so.

JPMorganChase's business and operations could be negatively affected by governmental policies that discourage or penalize doing business with certain industries or that require specific business practices.

JPMorganChase’s businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected by actions or initiatives by governmental authorities or officials that:

seek to discourage financial institutions from doing business with companies engaged in certain industries, or conversely, to penalize financial institutions that elect not to do business with such companies, or

mandate specific business practices for companies operating in the relevant jurisdiction.

Governmental policies may differ or conflict across jurisdictions, which could lead to negative consequences for JPMorganChase regardless of the course of action that it takes or elects not to take, including:

prohibitions or restrictions on doing business within a particular jurisdiction, or with governmental entities in a jurisdiction

the threat of enforcement actions, including under antitrust or other anti-competition laws, and

Changes in the requirements for the regulatory evaluation of JPMorganChase’s resolution plan could increase its funding or operational costs or require restructuring or curtailment of its businesses.

JPMorganChase must periodically submit a detailed resolution plan to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC for its rapid and orderly resolution in bankruptcy, without extraordinary government support, in the event of material financial distress or failure. The regulatory requirements concerning resolution plans and the evaluation of JPMorganChase’s resolution plan by the banking regulators could change over time.

Any such changes could result in JPMorganChase making changes to its legal entity structure or to certain of its internal or external activities, which could increase its funding or operational costs, or hamper its ability to serve clients and customers.

If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were both to determine that a resolution plan submitted by JPMorganChase has deficiencies, they could jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements, or restrictions on JPMorganChase’s growth, activities or operations. The banking regulators could also require that JPMorganChase restructure, reorganize or divest assets or businesses in ways that could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s operations and strategy.

Holders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s debt and equity securities will absorb losses if it were to enter into a resolution.

Federal Reserve rules require JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Parent Company”) to maintain minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity with specific terms (“eligible LTD”) to recapitalize JPMorganChase’s operating subsidiaries if the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution either in a bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title II”). If the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution, holders of eligible LTD, other unsecured creditors and holders of equity securities of the Parent Company will absorb the losses of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries.

The preferred “single point of entry” strategy under JPMorganChase’s resolution plan contemplates that the Parent Company would enter bankruptcy proceedings and JPMorganChase’s material subsidiaries would be recapitalized, as needed, so that they could continue normal operations or subsequently be divested or wound down in an orderly manner. As a result, the Parent Company’s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of the Parent Company’s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible LTD. Claims of the Parent Company’s shareholders and unsecured creditors would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the Parent Company.

Accordingly, in a resolution of the Parent Company in bankruptcy, unsecured creditors of the Parent Company, including holders of eligible LTD of the Parent Company, would realize value only to the extent available to the Parent Company as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of the Parent Company have been fully repaid.

The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalization model would be its expected strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as the Parent Company, under Title II. However, the FDIC has not formally adopted or committed to any specific resolution strategy.

If the Parent Company were to approach, or enter into, a resolution, none of the Parent Company, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow JPMorganChase’s preferred resolution strategy, and losses to unsecured creditors of the Parent Company, including holders of eligible LTD, and to holders of equity securities of the Parent Company, under whatever strategy is ultimately followed, could be

greater than they might have been under JPMorganChase’s preferred strategy.

JPMorganChase’s businesses could be negatively affected by economic uncertainty resulting from political and geopolitical developments.

Political developments in the U.S. and other countries could cause uncertainty in the economic environment and market conditions in which JPMorganChase operates. Certain governmental policies or actions could significantly affect U.S. and global economic growth and cause higher volatility in the financial markets, including:

monetary policies and actions taken by central banks, including any sustained large-scale asset purchases, any suspension or reversal of those actions, and changes in interest rate levels

fiscal policies, including with respect to taxation and spending

the implementation of tariffs and other trade policies

actions or inactions by a government related to emergencies.

These types of political developments, as well as heightened geopolitical tensions, could:

erode investor or consumer confidence in the U.S. economy and financial markets, which could potentially undermine the status of the U.S. dollar as a safe haven currency

provoke retaliatory countermeasures by other countries or otherwise heighten tensions in trade or diplomatic relations

increase concerns about whether the U.S. government will be funded and will be able to service its outstanding debt

result in periodic shutdowns of the U.S. government

influence investor perceptions concerning government support of certain sectors of the economy or the economy as a whole

influence monetary policy actions of the Federal Reserve to moderate the economic impact of political developments, including decisions on interest rate levels and asset purchases and sales

adversely affect the financial condition or credit ratings of clients and counterparties with which JPMorganChase does business, or

cause JPMorganChase to forgo business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue.

a contraction of available credit and the widening of credit spreads

lower investments in a particular country or sector of the economy

large-scale sales of government debt and other debt and equity securities

reduced commercial activity among trading partners or disruptions to supply chains, or

the formation of or changes in political or economic alliances or treaties.

These risks could become highly correlated or combine in unexpected ways under certain circumstances, including geopolitically challenging situations in regions such as Russia, the Middle East and China.

Any of the foregoing potential outcomes could cause JPMorganChase to:

suffer losses on its market-making positions or in its investment portfolio

increase the allowance for credit losses or recognize higher net charge-offs

hamper its ability to deliver products and services to its clients and customers

weaken its results of operations and financial condition or credit ratings, or

Adverse economic and market events and conditions could negatively affect JPMorganChase’s results of operations and investment and market-making positions.

JPMorganChase’s results of operations could be negatively affected by the occurrence or persistence of adverse changes in any of the following:

investor, consumer and business sentiment, or confidence in the financial markets

the availability and cost of capital, liquidity and credit

levels and volatility of interest rates, credit spreads or market prices of currencies, securities and

commodities, and the duration of any such changes, and

economic and geopolitical effects of extraordinary events beyond JPMorganChase’s control.

The above factors could be affected by global economic, market and political events and conditions, including the regulatory environment, monetary policies, trade policies, and actions taken by central banks or governmental authorities.

In addition, JPMorganChase’s investment portfolio and market-making businesses could suffer losses due to unanticipated market events and conditions, including:

unexpected credit events, credit rating downgrades and large counterparty losses

disruption of trade routes and supply chains globally

events or conditions that cause previously uncorrelated market factors to become correlated (and vice versa)

the inability to effectively hedge risks related to market-making and investment portfolio positions, or

other market risks that may not have been adequately considered when developing, structuring or pricing a financial instrument.

Any significant losses in JPMorganChase’s investment portfolio or from market-making activities could reduce its profitability and its liquidity and capital levels, and thereby constrain the growth of its businesses.

JPMorganChase’s consumer businesses could be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and adverse impacts of governmental policies.

JPMorganChase’s consumer businesses are particularly affected by U.S. and global economic conditions, including:

the level of inflation and its effect on prices for goods and services

prolonged periods of exceptionally high or low interest rates, or significant changes to interest rates

changes in the value of collateral such as residential real estate and vehicles, and

changes in consumer spending or in the level of consumer debt.

High unemployment levels could reduce personal and household income, which could degrade consumer credit performance if consumers struggle to service their debts. Adverse economic conditions could also lead to an increase in delinquencies, an increase in the allowance for credit losses or higher net charge-offs,

which could reduce JPMorganChase’s earnings. These consequences could be significantly worse if high levels of consumer debt, such as outstanding student loans, impair the ability of customers to pay their other consumer loan obligations, or in certain geographies where declining industrial or manufacturing activity has resulted in or could result in higher levels of unemployment. In addition, JPMorganChase’s earnings from its consumer businesses could be adversely affected if customer demand for the products and services offered by its consumer businesses is diminished by sustained low growth, low or negative interest rates, inflationary pressures, or recessionary conditions. Furthermore, governmental policies and actions, including those relating to pricing of products, taxation, medical insurance, education, immigration, and housing, or those that impact employment status, could reduce consumer disposable income and decrease JPMorganChase's earnings from its consumer businesses.

Unfavorable market and economic conditions could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s wholesale businesses.

Market and economic factors can affect the volume of transactions and advisory engagements for which JPMorganChase is engaged and the related revenue from those activities. These factors could also influence the willingness of other financial institutions and investors to participate in capital markets transactions that JPMorganChase manages.

Furthermore, any significant and sustained deterioration in market conditions could reduce fee revenue due to lower transaction volumes, including when clients are unwilling or unable to refinance their outstanding debt obligations. Additionally, the profitability of JPMorganChase’s capital markets activities could be impacted if it needs to dispose of portions of credit commitments at a loss or hold larger residual positions in credit commitments that cannot be sold at favorable prices.

The fees that JPMorganChase earns from managing client assets or holding assets under custody for clients could be diminished by declining asset values or other adverse macroeconomic conditions. For example, higher interest rates or a market downturn could affect the valuation of client assets that JPMorganChase manages or holds under custody, resulting in lower revenue from fees that are based on the amount of assets under management or custody. Similarly, adverse macroeconomic or market conditions could prompt outflows from JPMorganChase funds or accounts, or cause clients to invest in products that generate lower revenue. Substantial and unexpected withdrawals from a JPMorganChase fund could also hamper the investment performance of the fund, particularly if the outflows create the need for the fund to dispose of fund assets at disadvantageous times or

prices, and could lead to further withdrawals based on the weaker investment performance.

An adverse change in market conditions in particular segments of the economy, or sustained changes in consumer behavior that affect specific economic sectors, could have a material adverse effect on clients of JPMorganChase whose operations or financial condition are significantly impacted by the health or stability of those segments or economic sectors, as well as clients that are engaged in related businesses. JPMorganChase could incur credit losses on its loans and other commitments to clients that operate in, or are significantly impacted by, any sector of the economy under stress.

An economic downturn or sustained changes in consumer behavior that result in shifts in consumer and business spending could also have a negative impact on certain of JPMorganChase’s wholesale clients, and thereby diminish JPMorganChase’s earnings from its wholesale operations. For example, clients that rely on rental income from commercial real estate properties could be negatively affected by sustained adverse economic conditions or circumstances (such as hybrid work models) that reduce tenancies. These types of developments could depress property values, impair the ability of clients to service or refinance their loans and lead to an increase in foreclosures. These consequences could result in JPMorganChase experiencing an increase in the allowance for credit losses, higher delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs within its commercial real estate loan portfolio and incurring higher costs for servicing a larger volume of delinquent loans in that portfolio. An increase in foreclosures could also result in higher operational risk associated with JPMorganChase owning and managing real property, and any inadequacy in governance or control over the foreclosed properties could result in regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm.

Changes in interest rates and credit spreads could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s earnings or its liquidity and capital levels.

JPMorganChase may generally be expected to earn higher net interest income when interest rates are high or increasing. However, higher interest rates could also result in:

fewer originations of commercial and residential real estate loans

losses on underwriting exposures or increases in client-specific downgrades

increased financing costs for clients, which could lead to an increase in the allowance for credit losses and higher net charge-offs

the loss of deposits, including where customers transition to higher-yielding products

losses on available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities held in the investment securities portfolio

All of these outcomes could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s earnings or its liquidity and capital levels, with more severe impacts in a prolonged period of high interest rates.

Higher interest rates could also negatively affect the payment performance on loans within JPMorganChase’s consumer and wholesale loan portfolios that are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans reduce or stop making payments at higher interest rates, JPMorganChase could incur losses as well as increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans. On the other hand, a low or negative interest rate environment could cause:

compressed net interest margins, which could result in lower earnings on JPMorganChase’s investment securities portfolio

adverse or unanticipated changes in depositor behavior, which could negatively affect JPMorganChase’s broader asset and liability management strategies, and

a reduction in the value of JPMorganChase’s mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) asset, resulting in decreased revenues.

When credit spreads widen, it becomes more expensive for JPMorganChase to borrow.

JPMorganChase’s credit spreads could widen or narrow not only due to events and circumstances that are specific to JPMorganChase but also as a result of general economic and geopolitical events and conditions. Changes in JPMorganChase’s credit spreads could negatively affect its earnings on certain liabilities, such as derivatives, that are recorded at fair value.

JPMorganChase’s results could be materially affected by market fluctuations and significant changes in the valuation of financial instruments.

The value of securities, derivatives and other financial instruments that JPMorganChase owns or in which it makes markets could be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and other fluctuations in the financial markets could make it extremely difficult to value certain financial instruments. Subsequent valuations of financial instruments in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, could result in significant changes in the value of these instruments. In addition, when JPMorganChase disposes of a financial instrument, the price that it realizes will depend on demand and liquidity in the market at the time of disposition, and that price could be materially lower than the current fair

value of the instrument. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of financial instruments that JPMorganChase owns or in which it makes markets, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations. Furthermore, JPMorganChase’s hedging and other risk management strategies may not always be effective, and it could incur significant losses, if extreme market events were to occur.

JPMorganChase could be negatively affected by adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, counterparties, CCPs and other market participants.

JPMorganChase routinely executes transactions with clients and counterparties such as corporations, financial institutions, asset managers, hedge funds, securities exchanges and government entities globally. Many of these transactions expose JPMorganChase to the credit risk of its clients and counterparties, and JPMorganChase could incur losses and become involved in disputes and litigation in connection with a default by a client or counterparty. JPMorganChase could also face losses or liability if a financial institution providing custodial services for client assets becomes insolvent.

If a CCP through which JPMorganChase executes contracts suffers a financial or operational failure or otherwise defaults, JPMorganChase would be required to replace the relevant contracts, which would increase its operational costs and potentially result in losses. In addition, if a member of a CCP in which JPMorganChase is also a member defaults on its obligations to the CCP, JPMorganChase could incur losses due to requirements that each member of the CCP absorb a portion of those losses. Furthermore, JPMorganChase could be subject to bearing its share of non-default losses incurred by a CCP, including losses from custodial, settlement or investment activities or due to cyber or other security breaches.

As part of its clearing services activities, JPMorganChase is exposed to the risk of nonperformance by its clients, which it seeks to mitigate by requiring clients to provide adequate collateral. JPMorganChase is also exposed to intra-day credit risk of its clients in connection with providing cash management, clearing, custodial and other transaction services. If such a client becomes bankrupt or insolvent, JPMorganChase could:

become involved in disputes and litigation with CCPs, the client’s bankruptcy estate and other creditors, or

In addition, JPMorganChase has in the past, and could in the future, experience instances in which borrowers or other counterparties engage in fraudulent activity related to the accounting, reporting or representation

of collateral. Such practices have resulted and could in the future result in losses for JPMorganChase potentially undermining the effectiveness of collateral requirements and negatively affecting JPMorganChase's financial condition and results of operations.

All of the foregoing events could increase JPMorganChase’s operational and litigation costs, and JPMorganChase could suffer losses to the extent that the realized value of any collateral that it has received is insufficient to cover those losses.

Transactions with governmental entities can expose JPMorganChase to enhanced sovereign, credit, operational, legal and reputation risks. Governmental entities may claim that actions taken by government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials or repudiate transactions authorized by a previous incumbent government. These types of actions have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, JPMorganChase to suffer losses or hamper its ability to conduct business in the relevant jurisdiction. In addition, JPMorganChase could incur losses if applicable law limits its ability to resolve disputes and litigation when a client in that jurisdiction defaults or otherwise fails to make agreed-upon payments.

Disputes could arise with counterparties to derivatives contracts concerning the terms, the settlement procedures or the value of underlying collateral. The resolution of those disputes could cause JPMorganChase to incur losses, including unexpected transaction, operational and legal costs. These consequences could also impair JPMorganChase’s ability to effectively manage its credit risk exposure from its market activities, or cause reputational harm.

The financial or operational failure of a significant market participant, such as a major financial institution or a CCP, or concerns about the creditworthiness or operational sustainability of one or more market participants, could cause substantial and cascading disruption within the financial markets, including in circumstances where coordinated action by multiple other market participants is required to address the problem. JPMorganChase’s businesses could be significantly disrupted by such an event, especially if it has significant interrelationships with, and credit exposure to, the faltering market participant, or if the event causes other market participants to default, incur significant losses or experience liquidity issues.

JPMorganChase could suffer losses if the value of collateral declines.

During periods of market stress or illiquidity, JPMorganChase’s credit risk could increase when:

JPMorganChase fails to realize the estimated value of the collateral it holds

collateral is liquidated at prices that are insufficient to recover the full amount owed to it, or

counterparties are unable to post collateral for operational or other reasons.

Furthermore, borrowers may under-maintain or misrepresent the condition or existence of collateral, or at liquidation, collateral could be subject to competing claims, limiting JPMorganChase's ability to recover amounts owed, or disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral could increase during significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity. JPMorganChase could suffer losses in these situations if it is unable to realize the fair value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral.

JPMorganChase could incur significant losses arising from concentrations of credit and market risk.

JPMorganChase could be exposed to greater credit and market risk if groupings of its clients or counterparties, or obligors on securities and other financial instruments:

engage in similar or related businesses or in related industries

have business profiles that could cause their ability to meet their obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions.

For example, a significant deterioration in the credit quality of a counterparty, borrower or other obligor could lead to concerns about the creditworthiness of other parties in similar, related or dependent industries. This type of interrelationship could exacerbate JPMorganChase’s credit, liquidity and market risk exposure, potentially causing losses. In addition, JPMorganChase could be required to increase the allowance for credit losses or establish other reserves with respect to certain clients, industries or country exposures in order to align with regulatory directives or expectations.

Similarly, challenging economic conditions that affect a particular industry or geographic area could lead to concerns about the credit quality of counterparties, borrowers or other obligors not only in that industry or geography but also in related or dependent industries, wherever located. These conditions could also heighten concerns about the ability of customers of JPMorganChase’s consumer businesses who live in those areas or work in those industries to meet their obligations.

JPMorganChase’s consumer businesses could also be harmed by an excessive expansion of consumer credit by competitors. Heightened competition for certain types of consumer loans could lead to significant price reductions for those loans or providing loans to less-creditworthy borrowers. If large numbers of consumers subsequently default on their loans, this could impair their ability to repay obligations owed to JPMorganChase and result in an increase in the allowance for credit losses and higher charge-offs.

More broadly, widespread defaults on consumer debt could lead to recessionary conditions in the U.S. economy, and JPMorganChase’s consumer businesses could earn lower revenues in such an environment.

Furthermore, the interconnectivity across credit markets increases the risk that the significant expansion of private credit could worsen losses among non-bank lenders and their borrowers, particularly if stress or defaults spread to broader funding and credit markets. Such developments could impair asset valuations, reduce market-wide liquidity, disrupt borrowers’ ability to refinance, and increase default rates, especially if non-bank lenders have weaker underwriting standards, loans are less liquid, or transparency is limited. These outcomes could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s results of operations and lead to losses on market-making positions in its wholesale businesses.

If JPMorganChase is unable to reduce positions effectively during a market dislocation, this could increase both the market and credit risks associated with those positions and the level of risk-weighted-assets (“RWA”) that JPMorganChase holds on its balance sheet. These factors could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s capital position, funding costs and the profitability of its businesses.

JPMorganChase’s ability to operate its businesses could be impaired if its liquidity is constrained.

JPMorganChase’s liquidity could be impacted by factors such as:

actions by governmental authorities, including changes in regulatory requirements relating to liquidity or capital

actions taken by the Federal Reserve to reduce its balance sheet, which could reduce deposits held by JPMorganChase and other financial institutions

inability to sell assets, or to sell at favorable times or prices

default by a CCP or other significant market participant

unexpected loss of deposits, including due to deposit pricing or migration to other investment products

higher than anticipated draws on lending-related commitments, and

lack of market or customer confidence in JPMorganChase or financial institutions in general.

A reduction in JPMorganChase’s liquidity could be caused by events beyond its control. For example, JPMorganChase’s funding costs could increase and its access to traditional sources of liquidity could be

limited during periods of market stress, low investor confidence or significant market illiquidity.

JPMorganChase may need to raise funding from alternative sources if its access to stable and lower-cost funding, such as deposits and borrowings from Federal Home Loan Banks, is reduced. Alternative funding could be more expensive or limited. JPMorganChase’s funding costs could also be negatively affected by actions that it may take in order to satisfy regulatory requirements, including those relating to:

the pre-positioning of liquidity in certain subsidiaries outside the U.S.

More generally, if JPMorganChase fails to effectively manage its liquidity, this could constrain its ability to fund or invest in its businesses and subsidiaries, and thereby adversely affect its results of operations.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a holding company and depends on its subsidiaries for funding to make payments on its outstanding securities.

The Parent Company, JPMorgan Chase & Co., is a holding company that holds the stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and an intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC (the “IHC”). In addition to holding the stock of other JPMorganChase subsidiaries, the IHC owns other assets and provides intercompany lending to the Parent Company. The Parent Company must contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds that it receives from securities issuances.

The ability of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC to make payments to the Parent Company is limited. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to regulatory restrictions and requirements relating to the dividends that it can pay to the Parent Company, and the IHC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to the Parent Company if certain capital or liquidity thresholds are breached, or if limits are otherwise imposed by the Parent Company’s management or Board of Directors.

As a result of these arrangements, the Parent Company is generally dependent on receiving dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and borrowings from the IHC in order to:

The capital and liquidity thresholds to which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the IHC are subject could result in the Parent Company seeking protection under bankruptcy laws or otherwise entering into resolution

proceedings sooner than if such limitations did not exist.

JPMorganChase’s liquidity and cost of funding could be adversely affected by downgrades in its credit ratings.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. and certain of its principal subsidiaries are rated by credit rating agencies, which evaluate general, firm-specific and industry-specific factors when determining credit ratings, including:

ratings differentials between bank holding companies and their bank and non-bank subsidiaries

JPMorganChase has experienced credit ratings downgrades in the past, and there is no assurance that JPMorganChase’s credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future. Furthermore, any such downgrade could occur at a time of broader market instability, limiting JPMorganChase’s options for responding.

A downgrade in JPMorganChase’s credit ratings could curtail its business activities and its profitability, including by:

materially increasing its cost of issuing and servicing securities

decreasing the number of investors and counterparties that are willing or permitted to do business with or lend to JPMorganChase.

Any rating downgrade could also increase the credit spreads charged by market participants for taking credit risk on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. This could, in turn, adversely affect the value of debt and other obligations of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries.

JPMorganChase’s ability to distribute capital to shareholders, and to support its business activities could be limited if it does not satisfy applicable regulatory capital requirements.

JPMorganChase is subject to various regulatory capital requirements, and the amount of capital that it is required to hold under those requirements could increase at any given time due to factors such as:

actions by banking regulators, as well as changes in applicable law or how applicable law is implemented by banking regulators

changes in the composition of JPMorganChase’s balance sheet or developments that could increase RWA, such as increased market risk, customer delinquencies, client credit rating downgrades or other factors, and

increases in estimated stress losses as determined by the Federal Reserve under CCAR, which could increase JPMorganChase’s SCB.

Although more likely in times of stress, JPMorganChase may use its regulatory capital buffers allowing capital ratios to decline below regulatory requirements, subjecting it to restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to its executive officers.

Any failure by or inability of JPMorganChase to maintain the required level and composition of capital, any decision by JPMorgan Chase to use its regulatory buffers allowing capital ratios to decline below regulatory requirements or unfavorable changes in applicable capital requirements, could have an adverse impact on JPMorganChase’s shareholders by:

reducing the amount of common stock that JPMorganChase is permitted to repurchase

requiring the issuance of, or prohibiting the redemption of, capital instruments in a manner inconsistent with JPMorganChase’s capital management strategy

constraining the amount of dividends that can be paid on common stock, or

JPMorganChase’s businesses could be adversely affected by the failure or disruption of operational systems on which they depend.

If the operational systems on which JPMorganChase’s businesses depend, including those of acquired businesses and external parties, are unable to meet JPMorganChase’s operational requirements or bank regulatory standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, JPMorganChase could be materially and adversely affected. JPMorganChase’s businesses rely on its operational systems to process, record, monitor and report large amounts of information continuously, accurately, securely, and in a timely manner. These operational systems include financial, accounting, transaction execution, reporting and settlement, data processing and other systems, as well as supporting devices. The effective functioning of these operational systems depends on a variety of factors, including JPMorganChase’s ability to:

properly design, install, maintain, and train its employees on the use of its systems

populate its systems with accurate, complete, up-to-date and uncorrupted information

upgrade its systems on a regular and timely basis in line with technological advancements and evolving security requirements

maintain the security and operational continuity of its systems, including by carefully managing any changes introduced to its systems

prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of access to its systems, and

adhere to applicable law relating to its systems, particularly in regions where JPMorganChase may face a heightened risk of malicious activity.

JPMorganChase has experienced and expects that it will continue to experience failures and disruptions in the stability of its operational systems, including:

disruptions in its ability to access and use the operational systems of third parties, and

These incidents have resulted in various negative effects for customers, including:

the inability to access account information or transact through ATM, internet or mobile channels

There can be no assurance that these and other types of operational failures or disruptions will not occur in the future.

JPMorganChase’s ability to effectively manage the stability of its operational systems and infrastructure could be hindered by many factors, any of which could have a negative impact on JPMorganChase and its clients, customers and counterparties, including:

challenges in maintaining and upgrading systems and infrastructure as the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity and complexity of transactions and other information flows continue to increase

attempts by third parties to defraud JPMorganChase and its clients and customers, which continue to increase, evolve and become more complex, as well as increased volumes of these attempts during periods of market disruption or economic uncertainty

errors made by JPMorganChase or another market participant, whether inadvertent or malicious, which could cause widespread system disruption

weaknesses or shortcomings in operational systems that may not be detected in a timely manner

isolated or seemingly insignificant errors in operational systems that could compound, or migrate to other systems, becoming larger issues

failures in synchronization or encryption software, or degraded performance of microprocessors, which could cause disruptions in operational systems or in the ability of systems to communicate with each other, and

third parties that may try to block the use of key technology solutions by claiming that the use infringes on their intellectual property rights.

JPMorganChase also depends on its ability to access and use the operational systems of third parties, including:

vendors, including providers of security, technology and data and cloud computing services, and

other market participants, such as clearing and payment systems, CCPs and securities exchanges.

The inaccessibility, failure or other disruption of an internal or external operational system upon which JPMorganChase’s businesses depend could adversely affect JPMorganChase and its clients and customers, and result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets, including:

delays or other disruptions in providing services, including the provision of liquidity or information to clients and customers

impairment of JPMorganChase’s ability to execute transactions, including delays or failures in the confirmation or settlement of transactions or in obtaining access to funds or other assets required for settlement

the erroneous execution of funds transfers, capital markets trades or other transactions

financial losses, including due to loss-sharing requirements of CCPs, payment systems or other market infrastructures, or as possible restitution to clients and customers

higher operational costs associated with replacing services provided by a system that has experienced a failure or other disruption

limitations on JPMorganChase’s ability to collect data needed for its business and operations

loss of confidence in the ability of JPMorganChase, or financial institutions generally, to protect against and withstand operational disruptions

JPMorganChase’s interconnectedness with clients, customers and other external parties could be a source of significant operational risk.

JPMorganChase could be exposed to operational risk if it is unable to access and use external operational systems, including during failures or cyber attacks related to those systems or other third-party systems. Similarly, retailers, payment systems and processors, data aggregators, and other external parties with which JPMorganChase’s customers do business could increase JPMorganChase’s operational risk. This is particularly the case where activities of customers or other parties are beyond JPMorganChase’s security and control systems, including through the use of the internet, cloud computing services, and mobile devices or services.

JPMorganChase’s interconnectivity with clients, customers and other external parties continues to expand, which increases the risk of failure or cyber attacks with respect to the systems of those parties. Any systems failure, security breach, or human error or misconduct that affects clients, customers or external parties could require JPMorganChase to take steps to protect the integrity of its own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information, including restricting the access of its customers to their accounts. These actions could increase JPMorganChase’s operational costs and potentially diminish customer satisfaction and confidence in JPMorganChase.

Furthermore, the widespread interconnectivity among financial institutions, clearing banks, CCPs, payments processors, financial technology companies, securities exchanges, clearing houses, financial messaging networks and other financial market infrastructures increases the risk that the disruption of an operational system involving one entity could cause industry-wide operational disruptions that could materially affect JPMorganChase’s ability to conduct business. In addition, the risks associated with the disruption of an operational system of a third-party could be exacerbated if the services provided by that system are widely used by market participants.

A successful cyber attack could cause significant harm to JPMorganChase and its clients and customers.

JPMorganChase experiences numerous cyber attacks on its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets. Cyber attacks could take many forms, and may be designed to:

introduce computer viruses or malicious code (i.e., “malware”) into JPMorganChase’s systems.

obtain unauthorized access to JPMorganChase’s systems or to confidential information belonging to

JPMorganChase or its clients, customers, counterparties or employees

disrupt, sabotage or degrade service on JPMorganChase’s systems and websites, including those that provide online banking and other services

extort money through the use of so-called “ransomware.”

Threat actors that perpetrate cyber attacks include individuals or groups that are:

sponsored by, or acting on behalf of, hostile countries or terrorist organizations

engaged in using technology to promote a political or social agenda (i.e., “hacktivists”).

JPMorganChase has experienced security breaches due to cyber attacks in the past, and future breaches are inevitable. Any such breach could result in serious and harmful consequences for JPMorganChase or its clients and customers.

JPMorganChase cannot guarantee that it will always detect cybersecurity threats to its systems or implement effective preventive measures against those threats. The reasons for this include:

the techniques used in cyber attacks evolve frequently and increase in sophistication, and therefore a cyber attack may not be recognized until launched or may go undetected for extended periods

it is possible that a third-party, after establishing a foothold on an internal network without being detected, may gain access to other networks and systems

cyber attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including certain threat actors that are well-resourced and can sustain malicious activities for extended periods, and

JPMorganChase does not have control over the cybersecurity of the systems of the numerous clients, customers, counterparties and third-party service providers with which it does business.

The cybersecurity risks that JPMorganChase faces could be intensified by factors such as:

increased volume and complexity of cyber attacks during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions

technological advances such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) and quantum computing that may enable malicious actors to develop more advanced social engineering attacks, including targeted phishing attacks, and

technological advances which may counteract or nullify existing information security protections,

In addition, JPMorganChase could be required to make significant investments in technology in order to transition effectively to more robust security protections, including quantum-resistant encryption. Any such transition may not be completed before relevant threats become operational, and JPMorganChase’s interconnectedness with third parties who may be slower to adopt such protections could further increase its vulnerability to data compromise.

Furthermore, a third-party could misappropriate confidential information obtained by intercepting signals or communications from mobile devices used by JPMorganChase’s employees.

JPMorganChase could become increasingly vulnerable to cyber attacks if it does not, in a timely manner, identify and address emerging threats, known vulnerabilities or shortcomings in its cybersecurity controls, or if it fails to prioritize or complete enhancements to address them particularly in jurisdictions that could pose a heightened risk to its operations, including enhancements relating to:

preventing unauthorized access and protecting against the misuse of access, including the maintenance and enhancement of controls related to secure software development practices and identity and access management, including controls relating to the management of administrative access to systems

detecting, escalating and effectively addressing in a timely manner any vulnerabilities that may be present either in internally-developed software or externally-provided software or services, including vulnerabilities that could allow the attackers to exploit unknown security flaws in software and hardware (i.e., “zero-day vulnerabilities”)

appropriate oversight of third-party vendors in support of the secure development and maintenance of internal software and systems

controls related to technology asset management and inventory systems to prevent undetected vulnerabilities that could undermine JPMorganChase’s ability to operate an effective control process

upgrading systems and controls to protect JPMorganChase and its clients and customers from the impact of distributed denial-of-service attacks, or to recover from outages that could be caused by a malware or ransomware attack

the continuing migration of technology systems of customer and client-facing services, including digital banking and other internet-based products, to the cloud, and modernization of those services

strengthening network security and managing outbound connections to reduce the risk of data loss

identifying, assessing and mitigating insider threat activities that could lead to the misuse of JPMorganChase’s systems or client and customer information, and

integrating acquired businesses, including where system integration may be complex or may require extensive and lengthy remediation or enhancement of controls.

Any of the above cybersecurity risks to which JPMorganChase may be exposed could also affect JPMorganChase’s vendors or other third parties with which it does business or is interconnected, including governmental entities and other market participants. A successful circumvention of JPMorganChase’s systems of any of those third parties could cause serious negative consequences, including:

significant disruption of or loss of access to JPMorganChase’s operational systems and those of its clients, customers and counterparties

misappropriation of confidential information of JPMorganChase or that of its clients, customers, counterparties, employees, regulators or other parties

disruption of or damage to JPMorganChase’s systems and those of its clients, customers and counterparties

the inability, or extended delays in the ability, to fully recover and restore affected data, or the inability to prevent systems from processing fraudulent transactions

demands that JPMorganChase pay a ransom to a malicious actor that has perpetrated a cybersecurity breach

unintended violations by JPMorganChase of applicable privacy and other laws

financial loss to JPMorganChase outside of cyber insurance policy coverage, or losses to its clients, customers, counterparties or employees

loss of confidence in JPMorganChase’s cybersecurity and business resiliency measures

significant exposure to litigation, investigations by governmental authorities and penalties, and

The extent of a particular cyber attack, the methods used by threat actors, and the steps that JPMorganChase may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it could take a significant amount of time before such an investigation can be completed. While such an investigation is ongoing, JPMorganChase may not know the full extent of the harm caused by the cyber attack, and that damage could continue to spread. These factors could

inhibit JPMorganChase’s ability to provide rapid, full and reliable information about the cyber attack to its clients, customers, counterparties and regulators, as well as the public. Furthermore, it may not be clear how best to contain and remediate the harm caused by the cyber attack, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated. Any or all of these factors could further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.

JPMorganChase’s businesses could be adversely affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services, delivery platforms or technologies.

JPMorganChase may not always identify or recognize the full extent of operational risks that could arise from:

the introduction of a new product or service, including platforms for the delivery or distribution of products or services

the acquisition or integration of, or investment in, a new business, product or portfolio, including the development of any related technological capabilities

changes to existing products, services, delivery platforms, businesses and technologies.

Any significant failure by JPMorganChase to identify the operational risks associated with these types of changes, or to implement adequate controls to mitigate those risks, has resulted and could in the future result in:

Any of the foregoing consequences could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s businesses and results of operations.

JPMorganChase’s business and operations rely on appropriate staffing and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees.

JPMorganChase’s ability to operate its businesses efficiently and profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of its clients and customers,

and to maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on its ability to staff its operations appropriately and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of its employees. JPMorganChase’s businesses and operations similarly rely on the workforces of third parties, including employees of vendors, custodians and financial markets infrastructures, and of businesses that it may seek to acquire.

JPMorganChase’s businesses could be materially and adversely affected by:

any failure by employees to adhere to controls designed to mitigate operational risks

the possibility that significant portions of JPMorganChase’s workforce are unable to work effectively, including due to health emergencies or other extraordinary events beyond JPMorganChase’s control

theft, fraud or other unlawful conduct by employees, or

other negative outcomes caused by human error or misconduct

JPMorganChase’s operations could also be impaired if the measures that it takes to protect the health and safety of employees, or actions taken by governmental authorities or other external parties on which it relies are ineffective.

JPMorganChase faces substantial legal and operational risks related to the processing and safeguarding of personal information.

JPMorganChase’s businesses and operations are subject to applicable law globally related to the collection, use, sharing, storage and protection of personal information of individuals. Complying with these applicable laws could:

hinder development, curtail offerings or affect pricing and delivery methods of products and services

restrict JPMorganChase from transferring information across national borders or sharing information among affiliates or with third parties such as vendors, thereby increasing compliance costs and operational risk

present situations where the applicable law of one country conflicts with that of another, and

require JPMorganChase to structure its businesses, operations and systems in less efficient or more costly ways, including with respect to the local storage and processing of data.

JPMorganChase could face legal proceedings, including governmental investigations or enforcement actions, if personal information is mishandled, including if unauthorized parties receive, intercept, or compromise it, if JPMorganChase fails or is perceived

to have failed to comply with applicable law, or if JPMorganChase or its third-party vendors fail to protect personal information appropriately. These actions could require JPMorganChase to modify or cease operations or could result in other penalties. Furthermore, concerns regarding the effectiveness of JPMorganChase’s measures to safeguard personal information, or the perception that those measures are inadequate, could cause JPMorganChase to lose clients, customers or employees, and thereby reduce JPMorganChase’s revenues. Any of these factors could cause reputational harm and otherwise adversely affect JPMorganChase’s businesses.

The growing sophistication of technology poses a heightened risk of identity fraud, as malicious actors may exploit technology to create convincing false identities or manipulate verification processes. Failure to manage these risks or to implement effective countermeasures could lead to unauthorized transactions, financial losses, increased regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. In addition, greater government scrutiny of practices related to the handling of personal information has in some cases resulted in, and could in the future lead to, the adoption of applicable law in the U.S. and elsewhere that is stricter and could result in JPMorganChase incurring higher compliance costs or constraining its ability to offer certain products and services to customers.

JPMorganChase’s operations, results and reputation could be harmed by occurrences of extraordinary events beyond its control.

JPMorganChase’s business and operations could be seriously disrupted, and its reputation could be harmed, by events or contributing factors that are wholly or partially beyond its control, including material instances of:

security breaches of its physical premises, including threats to health and safety

utility or telecommunications failures, internet outages or shutdowns of mass transit

failure of, or loss of access to, technology or operational systems, including any resulting loss of critical data

interruption of service from third-party service providers, including financial market infrastructures

damage to or loss of property or assets of JPMorganChase or third parties, and any consequent injuries, including in connection with any construction projects undertaken by JPMorganChase

failure or perceived failure by clients, customers or counterparties of JPMorganChase, or by other parties, including newly-acquired businesses, companies in which JPMorganChase has made principal investments, parties to joint ventures with JPMorganChase and vendors with which

JPMorganChase does business, to comply with applicable law

natural disasters, severe weather conditions or the effects of climate change

events arising from any outbreak or escalation of civil unrest, hostilities, terrorist acts or other violence or criminal activity.

There can be no assurance that JPMorganChase’s Firmwide resiliency framework will mitigate all potential resiliency risks to JPMorganChase, its clients and customers, and the third parties, including service providers with which it does business, or that the resiliency framework will be able to anticipate or defend against every form of disruption or adequately address the effects of simultaneous or prolonged disruptions. In addition, JPMorganChase’s ability to respond effectively to a disruption event could be hampered to the extent that the members of its workforce, physical assets, systems and other support infrastructure, or those of its third-party service providers, that are needed to address the event are geographically dispersed, or conversely, if such an event were to occur in an area in which they are concentrated. Further, should extraordinary events or the factors that cause or contribute to those events become more chronic, the disruptive effects of those events on JPMorganChase’s business and operations, and on its clients, customers, counterparties and employees, could become more significant and persistent.

Any significant failure or disruption of JPMorganChase’s business and operations, or the occurrence of extraordinary events that are beyond its control, could:

hinder JPMorganChase’s ability to provide services to its clients and customers or to transact with its counterparties

require it to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption or to address the event

cause it to incur losses or liabilities, including from loss of revenue, property damage, or injuries

disrupt market infrastructure systems on which JPMorganChase’s businesses rely

The occurrence of extraordinary events could also negatively impact the financial condition or creditworthiness of JPMorganChase’s clients and customers, and could lead to an increase in the allowance for credit losses and higher net charge-offs, which could reduce JPMorganChase’s earnings.

Any failure to maintain adequate data management processes could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s ability to effectively manage its businesses, comply with applicable law or make informed business decisions.

JPMorganChase relies on accurate, timely and complete data to effectively operate its systems and processes, including:

monitoring and detecting fraudulent transactions and cyber threats

developing or maintaining models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations

preparing financial statements, disclosures and regulatory reports, as well as internal reporting

Any deficiencies in JPMorganChase’s data management processes, including with respect to the accuracy or completeness of data, the timeliness of data collection, the analysis or validation of data, or the safeguarding of data could undermine the reliability and effectiveness of JPMorganChase’s operations, such as:

risk management practices, including inaccurate or untimely risk reporting

completion of regulatory reporting or internal or external financial reporting

compliance practices, such as those relating to transaction monitoring, customer screening, recordkeeping or reporting

business activities, including managing JPMorganChase’s market-making positions and liquidity and capital levels

providing services to clients and customers, including transaction processing, lending services, account management and customer support, and

Any of these deficiencies could impair JPMorganChase’s ability to make sound business decisions, cause it to incur higher operational and compliance costs, result in operational breakdowns or failure to meet regulatory requirements, negatively affect clients and customers, or cause reputational harm.

In addition, if a third-party, whether authorized or unauthorized, obtains and misappropriates data from JPMorganChase’s systems, JPMorganChase and its clients and customers could experience negative outcomes, including a heightened risk of fraudulent transactions using JPMorganChase’s systems, losses from fraudulent transactions and reputational harm from perceived system insecurity.

Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of JPMorganChase’s vendors and other service providers could result in higher costs and other potential exposures.

JPMorganChase must comply with enhanced regulatory and other standards when doing business with vendors and other service providers, including those relating to the outsourcing of functions as well as the performance of significant banking and other functions by subsidiaries. JPMorganChase’s failure to appropriately assess and manage these relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase. Specifically, any such failure could result in:

potential harm to clients and customers, and any liability associated with that harm

lower revenues, and the opportunity cost from lost revenues

JPMorganChase could incur losses arising from any significant inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework and control environment.

JPMorganChase’s financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any significant inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework, governance structure, practices, models, reporting systems or controls. Any such inadequacy or lapse could:

lead to inaccurate or delayed identification of risks

hinder the timely escalation of material risk issues to JPMorganChase’s senior management and Board of Directors

lead to business decisions that have negative outcomes

harm customers or clients, and cause JPMorganChase to incur associated liabilities

lead to non-compliance with applicable law, or attract heightened regulatory scrutiny

expose JPMorganChase to litigation, investigations by governmental authorities or penalties, or

JPMorganChase could recognize unexpected losses, its capital levels could be reduced and it could face greater regulatory scrutiny if its models, estimations or judgments, including those used in its financial statements, are inadequate or incorrect.

JPMorganChase uses various models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations to measure, monitor and implement controls related to its

market, credit, capital, liquidity, operational and other risks, as well as to prepare its financial statements under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). These models and estimations are based on historical trends and other assumptions that are periodically reviewed and modified. The models and estimations that JPMorganChase uses may not be effective in all cases to identify, observe and mitigate risk because of factors such as:

their reliance on historical trends that may not persist, including assumptions underlying the models and estimations such as correlations among certain market indicators or asset prices

inherent limitations associated with forecasting uncertain economic and financial outcomes

historical trend information may be incomplete, or may not be indicative of severely negative market conditions such as extreme volatility, dislocation or lack of liquidity

sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities could make it more difficult to value certain financial instruments

technology that is introduced to run models or estimations may not perform as expected, or may not be well understood by the personnel using the technology

models and estimations may contain erroneous data, valuations, formulas or algorithms

review processes may fail to detect flaws in models and estimations, and

models may inadvertently incorporate biases present in data used in the models.

JPMorganChase could incur unexpected losses if models and estimations used in connection with its risk management activities or the preparation of its financial statements are inadequate or incorrect. For example, where quoted market prices are not available for certain financial instruments that require a determination of their fair value, JPMorganChase may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management estimates and judgment. In addition, the reliability of JPMorganChase’s models and estimations could become more uncertain if assets differ from those used to develop those models and estimations, which could also result in unexpected losses.

Similarly, JPMorganChase establishes an allowance for expected losses related to its credit exposures which requires significant judgments, including forecasts of how macroeconomic conditions might impair the ability of JPMorganChase’s clients and customers to repay their loans or other obligations. These types of estimates and judgments may be inaccurate due to a variety of factors, including if the current and forecasted environments are significantly different

from the historical environments upon which the models were developed. Any heightened uncertainty associated with these estimates may necessitate a greater degree of judgment and analytics to inform any adjustments that JPMorganChase may make to model outputs.

Some models and estimations used by JPMorganChase for managing risks require regulatory review and approval before JPMorganChase may use the models and estimations for calculating market risk RWA, credit risk RWA and operational risk RWA under Basel III. If JPMorganChase’s models and estimations are not approved by its regulators, it could be subject to higher capital charges, which could adversely affect its financial results or limit its ability to expand its businesses.

A significant inadequacy in disclosure or financial reporting controls could negatively affect JPMorganChase’s business, operations and reputation.

JPMorganChase is subject to complex global financial reporting obligations that require continuous enhancements to disclosures in its financial statements and regulatory reports. JPMorganChase’s disclosure and financial reporting controls may not always be effective, and a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting could occur. Any such significant lapse, weakness or deficiency could result in inaccurate financial reporting which, in turn, could:

materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business and results of operations or financial condition

restrict its ability to access the capital markets

require it to expend significant resources to correct the lapse, weakness or deficiency

JPMorganChase’s results or competitive standing could suffer if its management fails to develop and execute effective business strategies and to anticipate changes affecting those strategies.

The ability of JPMorganChase’s management to develop and execute effective business strategies, and the ability to anticipate and respond to shifts in the competitive environment, are critical to JPMorganChase’s competitive standing and to achieving its strategic objectives. These strategies relate to:

the types of clients and customers that it serves

the businesses that it acquires or in which it invests

the technologies that it adopts or in which it invests, and

the methods, distribution channels and third-party service providers by or through which it offers products and services.

The values and growth prospects of JPMorganChase’s businesses could suffer and its earnings could decline if management makes strategic choices that prove to be incorrect, are based on incomplete, inaccurate or fraudulent information, do not accurately assess the competitive landscape and industry trends, or fail to address changing regulatory and market environments or the expectations of clients, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders.

JPMorganChase’s growth prospects also depend on management’s ability to develop and execute effective business plans to address these strategic priorities, both over near term and longer time horizons. Management’s effectiveness in this regard will affect JPMorganChase’s ability to develop its resources, control expenses and return capital to shareholders. Each of these objectives could be adversely affected by any failure by management to:

offer products and services that meet expectations of clients and customers

allocate capital in a manner that promotes long-term stability to enable JPMorganChase to build and invest in market-leading businesses

conduct appropriate due diligence on prospective business acquisitions or investments, or effectively integrate newly-acquired businesses

appropriately address concerns of clients, customers, investors, employees, regulators and other stakeholders

react quickly to changes in market conditions or structures

appropriately balance workforce planning and training as new technologies, such as AI, are adopted and integrated, or

develop the operational, technology, risk, financial and managerial capabilities necessary to grow and manage JPMorganChase’s businesses.

Furthermore, any expenses that JPMorganChase may incur in connection with disposing of assets, including excess properties, or exiting businesses or products could be material to its results of operations.

Competition in the financial services industry could lead to negative effects on JPMorganChase’s results of operations.

JPMorganChase operates in a highly competitive environment in which it must constantly adapt to changes in financial regulation, technological advances and economic conditions. JPMorganChase expects that competition in the financial services industry will remain intense, with new competitors in the financial services industry continuing to emerge. For example, technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products. These advances have also allowed financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including:

lending and other extensions of credit to consumers

Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk of disruption to payments processing and other products and services from the use of new technologies that may not require intermediation, such as tokenized securities or other products that leverage distributed ledger technology. New technologies have required and could require JPMorganChase to increase expenditures to modify its products to attract and retain clients and customers or to match products and services offered by its competitors, including technology companies. If JPMorganChase does not keep pace with rapidly changing technological advances, including the adoption of generative AI, it risks losing clients and market share to competitors, which could negatively impact revenues, operating costs and its competitive position. Competition could be intensified as the feasibility, capability and scalability of new technologies improves. In addition, new technologies (including generative AI) could be used by customers or bad actors in unexpected or disruptive ways, or could be breached or infiltrated by third parties, which could increase JPMorganChase’s compliance expenses and reduce its income related to the offering of products and services through those technologies.

Actions by competitors could put pressure on the pricing for JPMorganChase’s products and services or could cause it to lose market share, particularly with respect to investment products and traditional banking products. In addition, advocacy by non-banking competitors for exemptions from regulatory requirements could significantly disadvantage traditional financial institutions.

The failure of any of JPMorganChase’s businesses to meet the expectations of clients and customers, whether due to general market conditions, under-performance, a decision not to offer a particular product or service, changes in client and customer expectations or other factors, could affect JPMorganChase’s ability to attract or retain clients and customers. Any of these impacts could, in turn, reduce JPMorganChase’s revenues. Increased competition also could require JPMorganChase to make additional capital investments in its businesses, or to extend more of its capital on behalf of its clients to remain competitive. Furthermore, regulatory uncertainty regarding new technologies, including inconsistent regulatory approaches within and across jurisdictions, could require JPMorganChase to modify or restrict its product and service offerings, incur higher operational or compliance costs or forgo business opportunities.

JPMorganChase’s operations, results, and competitive standing could be adversely affected by the development of advanced technologies such as AI.

The rapid development and deployment of advanced technologies, including generative and agentic AI systems, present a range of risks to JPMorganChase’s businesses and operations, including:

AI system failures, inappropriate use of AI systems, lack of transparency in AI systems, or inaccurate or biased output from AI systems resulting from rapid deployment, insufficient testing, erroneous data, ineffective model design or insufficient controls, which could disrupt operations, cause erroneous transactions, compromise data privacy, infringe on intellectual property, harm clients and customers, or impair JPMorganChase’s ability to make sound business decisions

increased exposure to cyber attacks, system manipulation, or data loss if AI systems, particularly agentic systems, are not designed and implemented with appropriate safeguards to prevent systems from accessing sensitive data sources or system resources and taking actions

intensified AI-enabled cyber threats, which may allow malicious actors to exploit vulnerabilities, reverse-engineer security patches, and conduct sophisticated social engineering attacks, potentially resulting in unauthorized access to sensitive information and data breaches, especially if JPMorganChase fails to adequately maintain, secure and upgrade its technological infrastructure in response to rapidly evolving technological advances

regulatory and compliance challenges arising from rapidly evolving applicable law, including differences, inconsistencies and conflicts in international standards, which could increase costs, lead to fines and sanctions, and restrict JPMorganChase’s use of AI technologies

competitive disadvantage if competitors are able to deploy AI more quickly or effectively, potentially gaining advantages in cost efficiency, client and customer experience, or product innovation, which could result in a loss of market share to competitors, or

replacement or disintermediation of direct customer relationships if AI agents autonomously manage or intermediate financial decisions and product selection or other services for customers.

It is also possible that JPMorganChase could miscalibrate its workforce planning and employee training efforts either because of over-reliance on AI or the failure to appropriately adopt AI. Over-reliance on AI could cause JPMorganChase to experience shortages in qualified staff due to reduced hiring or retention of employees, or could hinder the development or enhancement of important skills among its employees, including critical thinking, problem-solving, judgment, creativity and adaptability. On the other hand, any efficiencies or competitive advantages that AI may offer could be squandered if JPMorganChase fails to adopt AI in a timely and judicious manner and to make related adjustments to its workforce.

Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business and operations, results of operations, competitive position or reputation.

The effects of climate change could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business and operations, both directly and as a result of impacts on its clients and customers.

Both physical risks and transition risks associated with climate change could negatively impact JPMorganChase and its clients and customers. Physical risks include the increased frequency or severity of acute weather events and shifting climate patterns, which may lead to lower asset values, increased insurance costs, and business and supply chain disruptions. Transition risks, including evolving regulatory requirements, carbon taxes and the adoption of new technologies to support lower-carbon operations, may increase compliance and operational costs, contribute to commodity price volatility and impact the profitability of clients and customers that are adapting to a low-carbon economy. Any of these impacts could have a negative effect on the financial condition of JPMorganChase, the financial condition or creditworthiness of JPMorganChase’s clients and customers, JPMorganChase’s exposure to affected companies and markets, or the effectiveness of JPMorganChase’s existing business strategy.

Conduct failure by JPMorganChase employees could trigger litigation and regulatory actions and harm JPMorganChase’s reputation.

JPMorganChase expects its employees to conduct themselves ethically and in compliance with JPMorganChase’s Code of Conduct, as well as with internal policies and applicable laws and regulations. Notwithstanding these expectations, employees of JPMorganChase have in the past engaged and could in the future engage in improper or illegal conduct. These instances of misconduct have resulted and could in the future result in litigation and resolutions of investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities involving consent orders, deferred prosecution agreements, non-prosecution agreements and other civil or criminal sanctions and penalties. In addition, employee misconduct could lead to higher operational and compliance costs, harm JPMorganChase’s reputation and result in collateral consequences for its business and operations. The foregoing risks could be heightened with respect to newly-acquired businesses if JPMorganChase fails to successfully integrate employees of those businesses or any of those employees engage in misconduct.

Damage to JPMorganChase’s reputation could negatively affect its business, results and prospects.

Maintaining the trust, affinity and goodwill of clients, customers, employees and investors is critical to JPMorganChase’s ability to operate its business successfully. JPMorganChase’s reputation could be harmed by its decisions to engage or not engage with a client or in a business activity that lead to negative commercial impacts, and could also be compromised by:

inaccurate or misleading information about JPMorganChase or its clients, including results generated by AI, that is rapidly and broadly disseminated through any form of media, including social networking sites, and

concerns that JPMorganChase has treated certain clients or customers unfairly

Events or circumstances that damage JPMorganChase’s reputation could also negatively affect its business, results of operations and prospects, and could result in:

greater scrutiny from governmental authorities or criticism from politicians, including in the form of investigations by governmental authorities or litigation

unfavorable media coverage or commentary, including through social media campaigns

certain clients and customers ceasing to do business with JPMorganChase, and encouraging others to do so

impairment of JPMorganChase’s ability to attract new clients and customers, to expand its relationships with existing clients and customers, or to hire or retain employees, or

certain investors opting to divest from investments in securities of JPMorganChase.

Failure to effectively manage potential conflicts of interest or to satisfy fiduciary obligations could result in litigation and enforcement actions and cause reputational harm.

Managing potential conflicts of interest is highly complex for JPMorganChase due to its broad range of business activities which encompass a variety of transactions, obligations and interests with and among clients and customers. JPMorganChase could face litigation, enforcement actions and heightened regulatory scrutiny, and its reputation could be damaged, by the failure or perceived failure to:

adequately address or appropriately disclose actual or potential conflicts of interest, including those that may arise in connection with providing multiple products and services in, or having investments related to, the same transaction

identify and address any conflict of interest that a third-party with which it is does business may have with respect to a transaction involving JPMorganChase

deliver appropriate standards of service and quality, and to treat clients and customers fairly and with the appropriate standard of care

provide fiduciary products or services in accordance with applicable law, or

handle or use confidential information of customers or clients appropriately and in compliance with applicable law.

A failure or perceived failure to appropriately address conflicts of interest or fiduciary obligations could result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and penalties, as well as heightened regulatory scrutiny and enforcement actions, all of which could lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and reputational harm.

An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the global economy and on JPMorganChase’s businesses within the affected region or globally.

Conflicts and hostilities between countries or other antagonists could expand in unpredictable ways, including:

escalation into full-scale war, which could have catastrophic consequences.

Depending on the scope of the conflict, the hostilities could result in:

severe declines in asset values, accompanied by widespread sell-offs of investments

sudden increases in prices in the energy and commodity markets or for certain safe haven currencies

substantial depreciation of local currencies, potentially leading to defaults by borrowers and counterparties in the affected region

sustained disruption to or destruction of infrastructure, including energy and power facilities and undersea cables

changes in economic alliances or treaties, including the potential fragmentation of trade and economic activity that may result from the formation or hardening of national or regional alliances

Any of the above consequences could have significant negative effects on JPMorganChase’s operations and earnings, both in the countries or regions directly affected by the hostilities or globally. Further, if the U.S. were to become directly involved in such a conflict, this could lead to a curtailment of any operations that JPMorganChase may have in the affected countries or region, as well as in any nation that is aligned against the U.S. in the hostilities. JPMorganChase could also experience more numerous and aggressive cyber attacks launched by or under the sponsorship of one or more of the adversaries in such a conflict.

JPMorganChase’s business and operations in certain countries could be adversely affected by local economic, political, regulatory and social factors.

Some of the countries where JPMorganChase conducts business have economies or markets that are less developed and more volatile or have political, legal and regulatory regimes that are unpredictable or less established. In addition, in some places where JPMorganChase conducts business, the local economy and business activities are subject to substantial government influence or control. Some of these

countries have in the past experienced economic disruptions, including:

defaults or reduced ability to service sovereign debt, and

The governments in these countries have sometimes reacted to these developments by imposing restrictive policies that adversely affect the local business environment, such as:

confiscation, expropriation, nationalization or blocking access to property, including client assets and intellectual property, and

The impact of these actions could be accentuated in trading markets that are smaller, less liquid and more volatile than more-developed markets. These types of government actions can negatively affect JPMorganChase’s operations in the relevant country, either directly or by suppressing the local business activities of clients.

In addition, emerging markets countries, as well as more developed countries, have been susceptible to unfavorable social developments arising from poor economic conditions or governmental actions, including:

outbreaks or escalations of hostilities, or other geopolitical instabilities

These types of developments have in the past resulted in, and in the future could lead to, conditions that could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s operations in the affected countries and impair the revenues, growth and profitability of those operations. In addition, any of these events or circumstances in one country could affect JPMorganChase’s operations and investments in another country, including in the U.S.

JPMorganChase’s efforts to hire and retain talented employees could be hindered by factors such as:

the emerging need for more-skilled workers in an evolving workplace environment, and

JPMorganChase’s performance and competitive position could be materially and adversely affected if it is unable to attract or retain qualified employees or to effectively manage succession planning for key leadership roles, such as the Chief Executive Officer, members of the Operating Committee and other senior leaders. In addition, restrictive immigration or travel policies in the U.S. and other countries could inhibit JPMorganChase’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees, or necessitate adjustments to operating models that could reduce operational efficiency or increase costs.

Advances in technology, such as automation, AI and data science, could lead to workforce displacement. This could require JPMorganChase to invest in additional employee training, manage impacts on morale and retention, and compete for employment candidates who possess more advanced technological skills, all of which could have a negative impact on JPMorganChase’s business and operations.

Refer to the Operational Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on pages 146–149 for a discussion of cybersecurity risk.

JPMorganChase’s headquarters is located in New York City at 270 Park Avenue, a 60-story office building owned by the Firm. As of December 31, 2025, the building was fully occupied, including by senior management.

The Firm owned or leased facilities in the following locations at December 31, 2025.

At December 31, 2025, the Firm owned or leased 5,083 branches in 48 states and Washington D.C.

Includes a 1.1 million square foot office building owned by the Firm that is vacant and undergoing a significant remodeling.

The premises and facilities occupied by JPMorganChase are collectively used across all of the Firm’s business segments and for corporate purposes. JPMorganChase continues to evaluate its current and projected space requirements and may determine from time to time that certain of its properties (including the premises and facilities noted above) are no longer necessary for its operations. There is no assurance that the Firm will be able to dispose of any such excess properties, premises or facilities, or that it will not incur costs in connection with such dispositions. Such disposition costs may be material to the Firm’s results of operations in a given period. Refer to the Consolidated Results of Operations on pages 51–54 for information on occupancy expense.

Refer to Note 30 for a description of the Firm’s material legal proceedings.

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

JPMorganChase’s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Refer to “Five-year stock performance,” on page 45 for a comparison of the cumulative total return for JPMorganChase common stock with the comparable total return of the S&P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and the S&P Financials Index over the five-year period ended December 31, 2025.

Refer to Capital actions in the Capital Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on page 97 for information on the common dividend payout ratio. Refer to Note 21 and Note 26 for discussions of restrictions on dividend payments. On January 31, 2026, there were 202,288 holders of record of JPMorganChase common stock. Refer to Part III, Item 12 on page 38 for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Firm’s employee share-based incentive plans.

Refer to Capital actions in the Capital Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on page 97 for information regarding repurchases under the Firm’s common share repurchase program.

On July 1, 2025, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a new $50 billion common share repurchase program, effective July 1, 2025. Through June 30, 2025, the Firm was authorized to purchase up to $30 billion of common shares under its previously-approved common share repurchase program that was announced on June 28, 2024.

Shares repurchased pursuant to the common share repurchase programs during 2025 were as follows:

Total number of shares of common stock repurchased

Average price paid per share of common stock

The $4.3 billion remaining under the prior Board authorization was canceled when the $50 billion repurchase program was authorized by the Board of Directors effective July 1, 2025.

Represents the amount remaining under the $50 billion repurchase program.

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, entitled “Management’s discussion and analysis,” appears on pages 46–160. Such information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, which appear on pages 165–314.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Refer to the Market Risk Management section of Management’s discussion and analysis on pages 133-142 for a discussion of quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.

The Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the Notes thereto and the report thereon dated February 13, 2026, of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Firm’s independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID

The “Glossary of Terms and Acronyms’’ is included on pages 320–327.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

The internal control framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”), “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” (“COSO 2013”), provides guidance for designing, implementing and conducting internal control and assessing its effectiveness. The Firm used the COSO 2013 framework to assess the effectiveness of the Firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Refer to “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” on page 161.

As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Refer to Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 for the Certifications furnished by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively.

The Firm is committed to maintaining high standards of internal control over financial r